---
title: Use Strategic Thinking to Create the Life You Want
authors: 
year: 2024
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbiNhAZlXZk
zotero: zotero://select/items/@harvardbusinessreviewUseStrategicThinking2024
---
Seven questions can clarify what really matters to you and help you build your own life strategy, according to BCG’s Rainer Strack. 00:00 Summarizing a life strategy on a single page 00:20 Where did this idea come from? 00:54 What is a life strategy? 02:41 How do I define a great life? 04:15 How do I assess my life portfolio? 07:40 What portfolio choices can I make? 09:20 Where do I go from here? For more details on all seven questions and designing your own life strategy, read the HBR article: https://hbr.org/2023/12/use-strategic... In corporate strategy projects, executive leadership teams work through a series of questions to determine how their businesses can succeed. Individuals can use a similar process to figure out how to live a meaningful life. It starts with defining what makes a great life for you and then outlining your purpose and vision. You must also look at your current “portfolio” — the areas in which you spend your time and energy — to see if you’re investing the best of yourself in the activities most important to you. You should consider what research says about how people tend to find meaning and joy in life. Finally, you’ll want to identify areas where you need to make changes, and then ensure you follow through with objectives and key results. This program, Strategize Your Life, has been tested with more than 500 people around the world. With a few hours of work, you can develop a personal life strategy and summarize it on a single page. Follow us: https://hbr.org/   / harvard-business-review     / hbr     / harvardbiz     / harvard_business_review   Sign up for Newsletters: https://hbr.org/email-newsletters #HarvardBusinessReview #Strategy #Life #YourLife #YourCareer #Work #Business #Harvard Copyright © 2024 Harvard Business School Publishing. All rights reserved.

